Document crate features and their respective MSRVs (#5)
danielhenrymantilla/byte-strings-rs: README.md

    safe::puts(c!("Hello, World!"));
}
```

## Crate featurse

> - `better-docs` provides more detailed documentation, but requires at least Rust 1.54.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `better-docs` provides more detailed documentation, but is unstable (only guaranteed to work for the Rust version that is stable when that specific crate version is released).
```

Author: I changed it, thought I used another formulation I felt was clearer

- `const-friendly` enables "`const`-friendly" version of the macros (see the `const_` module). It requires at least Rust 1.56.

> - `ui-tests` enables both previous features.

Author: Removed it
